Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
Time to rest. darling.
Let's put this away.
Shh.
Hide. hide.
You stay there!
Maksim.
Yes. mother.
I have a gift for you.
Whoa!
It's just like the one
that Ivan has.
Do you like it?
I do.
This is the symbol
of our family.
Go and learn from your father.
become a great hunter.
And catch me some dinner.
What are you so happy about?
I let you win.
Ti know.
Petro!
What do you think of this one?
Fine quality. eh?
Sharp.
Strong.
Yes. great.
Yes.
We will go hunting
after the festival.
Right. next time.
Yes.
Not only are they
killing my sheep.
my horse stables were
burnt to the ground.
This lawlessness can
not continue.
Tugar volk must leave our lands.
I can not exile tugar volk
without calling him to our
council meeting
and hearing what he has to say.
He will never show.
He thinks he's above us.
I know you and he are
not from tukhlia.
but you fought alongside
this man in kolka.
Why can you not get
through to him?
That was a long time ago.
He is not the same man he
was back then.
Maksim!
Yes father?
Tugar volk needs a guide to
help him hunt a bear
that has been seen
near his estate.
You will lead the hunt
and then use it
to ask him to come to our
next town meeting.
Do it in a way that he
agrees to come.
But. father. I'm not the most
appropriate person for this job.
Why not send Ivan?
He speaks better than I.
Then it is settled.
You will ride in the morning.
People say that tugar volk's
daughter is very beautiful.
Well. if she's anything
like her father.
she probably has a face that
would scare away the wolves.
Then the two of you will be a
perfect match for each other.
Tvan!
You talk too much.
You will be going with him.
Guess we get to see
for ourselves.
Shut up.
Whoever you are. you
have much stronger
hands than my husband.
Is that right?
He keeps asking when he can go
hunting with you.
Ti know.
He's not big enough yet. but
he will be soon.
I'll be going again tomorrow.
Huh.
Buchon will be sad.
Perhaps I will bring him a gift.
You never bring me any gifts.
I thought I was gift enough.
You thought wrong.
Did I?
Are you going to ask him?
Father tasked you with this job.
This is strange.
They won't recognize your rule.
but they're willing you to
take you on a hunt?
There's no unity.
No unity amongst us anymore.
I'll teach them how a true
commander leads.
Ho. ho. ho. ho. ho.
Think it's best we go on
foot from here.
If we encounter a beast. it
might startle the horses.
Look.
On the log. bear marks.
Tell the men.
This way!
A face that will scare away
the wolves. eh?
Go. I'll get the others!
You all right?
Yes.
What's your name?
Maksim.
And you?
Myroslava.
You're the guide
helping my father?
I'm actually here to
help my father.
We need tugar volk to come to
our town meeting.
In tukhlia.
Tukhlia?
Maksim?
Everything's all right. Ivan.
You first.
No. I insist.
Maksim.
Thank you.
Myro!
Myroslava!
Where's my daughter?
Myro!
I'm okay. I'm fine.
Take your hands off her.
Please help him.
Ah-ah. leave them. come on.
let's go.
Hunt's over.
If it wasn't for
Maksim I'd be dead.
Who?
Him.
His name's Maksim.
Maksim?
And what does Maksim
want for a reward?
I didn't do it for any reward.
sir.
Okay. let's go home.
Wait. he does want something.
Of course he does.
What do you want?
I ask you as a man.
as a warrior.
come to tukhlia for our
village meeting
under the next full moon.
Locals would like to
address their concerns.
Why would I come to a
commoners gathering?
We're free people just like you.
If you think you and your men
are in the right.
then come and prove it.
No need to hide.
Ah-ah-ah-ah.
I could have you whipped. you
insolent little bastard.
Father!
I'll come to your
peasants meeting.
because I choose to.
Now.
the hunt is over.
Home.
Sometimes I think god
gave me a son.
Gard.
Seems like an awful lot of
trouble just to impress a girl.
But well done.
Tugar volk will come to
the town meeting.
Well done.
It was all Maksim.
Prepare for the festivities.
Well. how was it?
He met the boyar's daughter.
Oh?
What's her name?
Myroslava.
He's in love.
Of all the girls to choose from.
you fall in love for the
daughter of tugar volk.
Hello my love.
Why hello.
You like her.
No. it doesn't matter.
Ivan's right. she's the
daughter of the boyar.
We mean nothing to them.
Really?
Do you remember what happened
when Ivan sent the matchmakers
to rosana's father?
You mean when zora punched
him in the face.
Exactly. Of course.
He couldn't shoot for a week.
That was the funniest thing
I've ever seen.
But look at him now.
Sometimes it's worth the risk.
Where in god's name do you think
you're going. young lady?
I wanted to pick some berries.
We have servants to do that.
I wanted to pick them myself.
Absolutely not.
You never let me go anywhere.
I've never even been to tukhlia.
I think they call it.
Those people aren't what
you make them out.
Myro.
those people are fighting
me for our land.
They give me no respect.
And if you turn your back
on these people.
they'll stick a knife in it.
Then why did one of
them save me?
No daughter of mine will be
picking berries!
Now. you find yourself another
leisurely activity!
To bed. young lady.
To bed.
I love you.
No no no no. it's me. Maksim!
I'm sorry. myroslava.
Are you out of your mind?
My heart just leaped
out of my chest!
I didn't know how else to get
past your servants.
Get down.
Sorry. there was no
other way in.
Are you all right?
What happened?
Nothing!
T saw a rat!
Well. open the door. gard
will take care of it.
No. no. no. it's gone now!
I'm going to bed. goodnight!
Are you sure you're okay?
Yes. I'm sure!
Goodnight.
Goodnight!
What are you doing here?
I came to invite you to the
festivities. tonight.
Festivities?
Yes. it's a great
celebration for perun.
It's the biggest
festival we have.
There will be
singing and dancing
and lots of barley sprit
and delicious food.
And there's this
massive fire that
you have to see it
to believe it.
but you can see it from all the
way across the valley.
You foolishly snuck into my room
to invite me to this?
I don't know what I
was thinking.
I'm sorry to bother you.
This dress okay?
Yes.
Now lose the blade.
Okay.
Okay. as in you'll come?
How do you expect to
get us out of
here without my
father seeing us?
Mother. father. this
is myroslava.
Myroslava. this is my mother.
rada.
Pleased to meet you.
And you.
You're very welcomed here.
Thank you.
And this is my father. zakhar.
Very pleased to meet you.
Your son saved my life earlier.
Well then we have three things
to thank the gods for.
Maksim's heroics.
the food we feast on.
and your life.
She killed the bear.
And this is uncle
korhun right here.
It is a pleasure.
She's very beautiful.
Yes. she is very beautiful.
uncle korhun.
Just like you. yes.
Why don't you get some
more honey spirit?
Yes. honey spirit!
My brother's around
here somewhere.
Do you have siblings?
T wish I did.
Oh. there he is.
I remember seeing him at
the bear hunt.
He's rough to me at times
but he means well.
I don't know what I would do
without him. to be honest.
This reminds me of a
party my father
threw for my mother
when I was little.
Everyone was singing
and dancing.
My parents must have
danced all night.
My mother had this white gown on
and a flower in her hair.
What happened to her?
I'm sorry.
No. no. it's all right.
I didn't mean to make
anything uncomfortable.
And did you?
Did I what?
Learn to dance?
Come on.
Are you enjoying the evening?
Very much.
Be kind to my boy.
It's beautiful.
Those are gifts to our guardian.
The sentinel rock. see?
It's actually a giant that
protects our valley.
A giant?
That's what the legend says.
Well. long ago.
when kind and wise giants
roamed this land.
the evil goddess of death.
morana. cursed it.
She made everything in
the water die
and the whole area around it
completely lifeless.
No animals. no trees.
just bare rocks.
And the mighty king of giants.
saw this.
and he took his huge mallet
and he dealt the rocky
basin a massive blow
that cracked its walls and
broke the evil spell.
And the whole area came
alive at once.
Needless to say.
morana was furious.
And she let out this
piercing scream
and turned the king of
giants into stone.
But. no matter how hard she
tried or what she did.
she could never reverse all the
beautiful life that
had blossomed.
And that's why my ancestors
chose to live here.
Ti can envision it.
And if morana should
ever return.
well. the king will awake
from his slumber
and protect us from her evil
wraith once again.
You have so much love
for this place.
I can see why.
I have to get back.
You can eat for days.
Eat the bread before
it goes stale.
T will.
It was good to see you.
uncle korhun.
Safe travels back to
your village.
Good luck with your sister.
You know how she likes to talk
during these journeys.
I heard that.
Don't worry. I have plenty
of honey spirit
to soothe my ears.
Good. to see all of you!
Oosta. have you seen Maksim?
Here he comes now.
Mother. I'm sorry that I'm late.
I take it you had a good night.
Buchon. say goodbye
to your mother.
Goodbye my love.
Send along my greetings.
Take care of your brother.
I will.
Travel safe.
I'll see you soon.
Goodbye.
Yeah?
What. what?
Oh yeah. yeah. hunt.
Yeah. yes. yes. yes we'll go.
We'll go.
Yeah.
No. I'm not hungry.
No. he's busy.
Yes. he was busy
entertaining a new lady.
Whoa.
There's nothing there.
Come on.
Oosta. oosta!
Stop!
What are you doing? Stop!
It's me. Maksim.
It's all right.
Maksim.
Yeah. it's me.
It's all right.
You're all right.
You're safe.
What happened?
Demons.
Demons on horses.
What do you mean demons?
What happened to the others?
When we arrived to
korhun's village.
they burnt it to the ground.
There's nothing left.
I barely escaped and I didn't
see what happened
to your mother or rosana.
I'm sorry.
Do you think you can make it
back to tukhlia?
Go.
Find our father. tell him what
you told us. understand?
Go.
Now.
Uncle korhun!
Tvan!
Your mother.
Rosana.
They took-
who. who took them?
No. there's no time to
bury the bodies.
The gods will understand.
What are we waiting for?
Be patient.
There are two guards
patrolling the perimeter.
We'll go in from the east.
Blades only.
Quickly and quietly.
Go on. take your pick.
Who's gonna die?
You? Me?
Me next. huh?
Me next!
Don't be scared!
Have you died before?
You only get to do it
once or twice.
It's you. it's you.
Oh. you beat me.
You won. you won.
Well done. nice one.
Come on. little man.
Hurry up. let's go.
Leave them alone!
Rosanna. protect the others.
Nol!
Rada!
Stop. please. please!
We didn't do anything. stop!
Maksim. you go after mother.
Petro and I will get rosana
and the others.
Go.
Come here.
Come.
Oi. I'll give you a challenge.
huh?
I wanna tell you something.
Huh. do you like a challenge?
All you mongrels have
tried to kill me
and you've all failed.
You could be the one.
You could be lucky.
Shh. shh. shh.
Hurry. Petro.
Come on. take a challenge!
Kill me first!
Kill me!
Do it now!
Come on!
It's weak to kill a woman first!
It's weak!
Be a man. huh!
Be a man!
Go with Petro and get
them all to safety.
Go.
Take it!
Go on!
Mother.
Oh. me too.
Get me out of this. come on.
Oh. sorry.
Come on. get me.
Oi. here. oi here. here!
Come on!
Oh no!
Mother.
Mother. are you all right?
You need to get the others.
Come on!
Petro.
You took your time. come on.
Shut up!
Go!
Let me see.
Nol!
We don't have any time.
we need to go.
Take mother back the
way we came.
I'll buy you some time.
Go.
Meet us in the caves.
Go. I'm with you.
We're almost there.
Keep going.
Go meet up with my family. I'll
be right behind you.
Hey!
Let's go!
What are you doing?
I'm gonna get me some mongols.
What do you mean you get
you some mongols?
There's too many of them.
that's suicide.
Ti don't care.
This is unfinished business.
If you go out there. you
compromise everyone in this cave.
And why should that stop me?
Please.
Maksim. hurry. it's your mother.
Come.
Remember. family above all else.
Maksim.
What happened?
I can't stop the bleeding.
Heal the trees.
so that they can cry for you.
Let our great mother. mokash.
bring heavy rain.
so she can cry for you as well.
Watch over the soul of rada.
as she leaves this world
and goes to the next. where
greater gods await.
Merke.
I know you all are concerned
about your lives and your land.
but we have gathered to resolve
our dispute with tugar volk
and unite with him and his army
to stand strong
against the mongols.
He will not show.
I told you.
He thinks he's above us.
What do we do now?
Have faith old one. look.
Do you smell that?
The stench of pagan swine.
People of tukhlia.
I have come here today.
not
because you called me.
I have come here.
on my own accord.
Nevertheless. we
appreciate your arrival.
I'd say. it's good to see you.
zakhar.
but we both know that it
would be a lie.
Yes. it would be.
Look here. this is the deed
that appoints me your leader.
your boyar of all these lands!
Do you believe that parchment
makes us respect you?
You are forcing us into an
agreement that we had no say in!
Do you not think
it's wrong that.
without asking your permission.
I take that sword of yours and
give it to my sons?
The mongol army is
bearing down on us.
I'm here. to protect your people
in a way that you could not
protect your own wife.
I'll leave you to your own fate
and to the mongol hordes.
Ah!
Let the gods decide!
If you win.
you can stay in tukhlia
and we will follow your rule.
You'll follow my rule.
But also.
your sons.
your sons will serve
in my house.
But when we win.
you will go to gallich to
gather your men
to fight shoulder to
shoulder with us
against the mongols. as equals.
Agreed?
Agreed.
Gard!
Father. I know you want
to choose Ivan.
but please pick me.
Are you sure about this?
Let the gods decide.
Stay low.
Use his size against him.
It's settled then.
Nothing is settled.
I have spilled blood
throughout these lands
in over 20 battles.
And you think I am going to
honor a commoner's agreement?
The warrior I once knew would
not dare to lose his honor.
Are you a liar?
And a coward?
The warrior that I once knew
wouldn't be scratching
the dirt and shit
like some farmer!
I'll bring your army
from gallich.
and we will fight
shoulder to shoulder.
If you still can. old man.
Get up!
Thank you.
Gather supplies!
And you'll not thieve
from all my men!
It wasn't as impressive as
defeating a bear
but you didn't have my help. so.
You've been here the
entire time.
Yes.
I heard about your mother.
I'm so sorry.
I'm grateful you got
to meet her.
Your mother was like mine.
Kind.
and sweet.
Bring me my horse!
I should go before my
father sees me.
But I will see you soon.
Merke.
I love to come peace.
Today.
You are peace.
Who owns this?
I swear. I've never seen it.
Don't hurt him!
Why are you doing this?
Tugar volk.
What happened?
The mongols have taken tugar
volk and myroslava.
They're resisting. but they
don't have long.
How many?
About 20. maybe less.
Myroslava.
Get your brother and go.
Where is everyone?
They were here when I left.
They must be inside.
Myro-
how you could tell him
that the necklace
belonged to Maksim?
Those fools killed
the Khan's son.
I give him what he wants
and we survive.
Maksim and his family
are your people!
How can you betray
them like this?
I give him one family. I
save thousands.
That's what a true leader does!
You promised to fight
alongside the villages.
Be the one who unites us
against the mongols!
You fight.
You are a foolish girl.
You have no idea of the
sacrifice that I have made.
You talk of uniting
these people.
they know nothing of that!
Your mother.
she never understood it-
my mother sacrificed everything
for the people she loved!
And where were you?
You're a coward.
Tvan!
There's too many!
Go to the house!
Inside. quickly. quickly!
To the house!
Go. go. go!
Bohun. stop!
It's Ivan!
Find cover!
Maksim. get yourself
to the windows!
At least we got comfortable
benches to die on then.
Ha! Hal
Someone's coming!
Listen to me!
You are warriors!
And you've proven yourselves!
But you have taken the life of
the Khan's only son!
He will never stop.
until you're dead!
Sacrifice yourselves.
and you will save your families.
I beg you.
This is futile.
And I swear to you.
I will protect the
people of tukhlia.
Well meet your death. traitor!
Burn it.
They're gonna smoke us out.
Hey. hey the wind is
in our favor.
We use the smoke as cover and we
attack them straight on.
Maksim's right.
Get ready.
What are you doing?
You're one of us!
I am not one of you. peasants.
Stop!
That's enough!
Paul. you and your men
are tukhlian.
Fight beside us.
Maksim.
Maksim!
Hi.
Are you hurt?
Hey!
Your ax.
Come on then.
Maksim. no!
Release!
Halt!
My child.
Tugar volk is allies
with the mongols.
They won't be far behind.
Tvan!
Bring him into the house!
He's been struck by some
kind of poison.
Rosanna. bochan.
Petro. rosanna. bochan. go.
go go!
I'm so sorry. my son.
It's all right. father.
The gods welcome me.
It's been an honor.
little brother.
Live your life.
It's your time.
What happened?
Tvan.
No. no.
It's all right. my love.
It's all right.
I'm here.
I'm not leaving.
I promise.
I will see you again.
in the next world.
Bochan.
Don't cry. my son.
Don't cry.
Be strong.
Protect your mother
and our family.
Nothing is more important.
It's all right.
I'll always be
watching over you.
Maksim. Maksim!
How?
How can you live
your entire life
and not know what your
father truly is?
How am I supposed to trust you?
Years ago. there was
a man who came
to our house in gallich.
He scared my father in a way.
I'd never seen before.
I couldn't understand it at
the time. but today.
when I smelt his horrid
stench in my home.
I knew.
I knew it was him.
Murunda Khan.
Our mothers deserve more.
My brother would have wanted
you to have this.
He was a man of honor.
Listen. I don't want
what happened
to my family to happen to yours.
You've done enough.
Your family needs you.
Go home.
Home?
I don't have a home.
My beautiful wife
and my seven year old daughter.
are already dining
with the gods.
So before I join my family.
I will make this right.
We will make this right.
My dear fellow villagers
and respected neighbors.
there is very little time.
Our scouts have
confirmed that the
entire mongol army
rides towards us.
They will not stop
until they have
murdered every last one of us.
They outnumber us by
the thousands!
We have to run!
This is the only way
we can survivel
even if we left right now.
their horses would
catch up to us.
And then what?
I have a possible solution.
We can take everything
and leave tukhlia through the
back side of the mountain.
And once we have all
passed through.
we will tear down the
sentinel rock.
break the dam.
and create a river barrier
between us and the mongols.
And how will we
create enough time?
They're already too close.
A group of us will
hold them off.
The entrance to
tukhlia is narrow.
If we gather all of our fighters
at this main point.
we can hold off the
entire mongol army
and make time for the rest
of you to escape.
Now you must choose!
Abandon the person next to you
and save only yourself
or do we unite as one and
protect each other
and fight for
something meaningful!
We fight!
I never did thank you.
For what?
Saving my life.
The second time.
I don't believe you thanked
me for the first.
That's true.
Thank you.
Myro. from the moment I
first saw you...
It's simple.
We go this way.
Oh!
Yes!
Our great guardian.
you. whom our ancestors regarded
your sent protector.
break once more
morana's evil power.
Destroy with your great way.
this vicious enemy.
The mongols will
arrive at mid-day.
It is a privilege to
dying honorably!
And if we are to die today.
we die like warriors!
I would gladly die for you!
Yes!
On my command!
Pull!
Form your lines!
Loose!
We can't hold 'em off
much longer!
I'll make sure everyone in
tukhlia is gone!
Good. go!
Bohun.
Bohun! Ah. did we win yet?
I thought you were dead.
You didn't think those little
mongols could have hurt me?
We're ready.
Tell the others.
We'll prepare the dam.
The last villager has
just left tukhlia!
We are ready!
Maksim!
Go!
Ya-yal!
Take her. go.
Go.
Please. go!
Destroy the dam.
All right. gather
yourselves boys.
For Maksim!
Merke.
Pull!
I'll be back.
Hey!
Hiya! Go!
Come!
You did this!
Zakhar. you want safe passage.
I will spare your son.
Myroslava. hand me your bow.
Kill him!
Nol!
Father!
Father.
Son.
I knew you would make it.
Save your breath.
Our people are safe.
Your mother would be so
proud of you.
I am. as well.
Myroslava.
look after my son.
Mother and Ivan are
waiting for you.